---
title: 31/01/2024 - Choices
tags:
  - journaling
date: 2024-01-31T05:01:00
publish: "true"
---
I saw this video, it was a long time ago.

A homeless, blind man on the street. There was a cardboard next to him with a text that said: "I am blind, and I need your help." Something along that line. He didn't do very well. Only few people passed by toss him a coin in front of him, which he struggled to even locate where that coin land. 

A woman passed by, she saw his struggles and decided to... intervene. She take a new cardboard, wrote something onto it and left. Moments later, almost anyone who passed by would help him. He got more coins in 15 minutes than he could ever received on any given previous day. He was grateful but didn't know why.

Later, that same woman returned, he asked what did she do. She said: "I wrote the same thing on your previous cardboard, only with different words". The camera zoom down to the cardboard, and it said:

>[!quote] ...
>It's a beautiful day, and I **can't** see it.

The word "**can't**" was written in bold. But my mind keeps lingering on the word "**and**" instead. It's such a good choice of word.

**"And"**

To includes "and" in a sentence is to interject, or to add a truthful clause that usually correlated to the first clause. Thus, making a complete sentence with two propositions that support each other. When representing with a truth table, "and" looks like this:

| x | y | x AND y |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| True | True | True |
| True | False | False |
| False | True | False |
| False | False | False |

It's simple, to make a truthful sentence, x AND y need to be true at the same time. Both propositions need to be true.

"The Earth is round AND the Sun is hot."

"People born AND people die."

>[!quote] ...
>It's a beautiful day, AND I **can't** see it.

In its literally, the blind man cannot, and can never really see what a beautiful day is. But how can we define a beautiful day for a blind man? How can he even define a bad day is if there's no frame of references to what even is a good day? 

And what day is it to him? Where does he sit on everyday? Does it matter to him? 

What does this all even mean?

>[!quote] ...
>It's a beautiful day, and I **can't** see it.

I thought about it for a while. I know it sounds incredibly sentimental bullshit right here and to some it would sound even pretentious. But please hear me out.

The people pass seeing him everyday. When they looking up to the sky and see it's a beautiful day, they'd pity him for not being able to see it. If it's a cloudy day where it's foggy and humid, everyone would just think that he's lucky that the day isn't the most cheerful day.

But it's all the same for him. No matter what day it is.

So to him, the day can be a beautiful day, or a bad day. 

As long as he chooses.

...

God, I sound like a try hard. There is nothing to prove here. Everyone knows this, of course. I always get emotional when I don't sleep.

All I want to say is. 

To be the person you're proud of when you look in the mirror, you have to fight for it everyday. Happiness is not a goal or a product you can purchase on a website or some shops you visit on a bored afternoon. 

To be the person you're proud of when you look in the mirror, you have to see that person and be completely honest what needs to change and what could be improved. To blame someone else for anything, either inside or outside of control, it's like to look in the weather and let it decides the state of your emotion for the rest of that day. It's unfair to yourself.

Take a good look in the mirror, I don't care what you label yourself when you stand in front of the damn mirror. 

To be the person you're proud of when you look in the mirror, it's a damn act of choosing.

Everyday.

-----------------

<audio src="_media/01 - Shaded Ray.mp3" controls></audio>
