---
title: 03/02/2024 - Scream
tags:
  - journaling
date: 2024-02-03T23:00:00
publish: "true"
---
The other day when I was jogging in the park. When I reached 50 minutes, which was the goal I set myself to finish that day, I thought to myself that "Man, I could just stop right there, I'm practically finished and surpassed the goal."

But then I just kept going, because another voice kept repeating in my head: "Nah, that'd be lame." And I was kinda agree with it and kept going for another 10 minutes to reach an hour.

To be honest, when I surpassed the final goal of the jogging challenge, which was 21 minutes, I could barely holding my breath and stumbled on my legs to reach that 21 minutes mark. I didn't think I could even reach anywhere near what I could do today.

But the next run after that initial challenge, and the next run after that, I just told myself: "Nah, why stop now, that'd be lame." And so I just kept going.

...

Anyway, I finished that 10 minutes bonus and got an hour jog for the first time. But the hand clock I was using couldn't count pass an hour. 

It jumped back to 0. 

Which is kinda funny.

I passed this guy 3 times in total of my session, so I was thinking that if he were to ask me how long did I run, and asked me if he could see the time in my hand clock, I couldn't show him. He'd think I'm lying. Or I think that he would think that way.

Which is kinda funny.

It reminds me of most of my life.

...

If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it. Does it make a sound?

Do I have to scream to the rest of the world in order to exist in such a superficial way?

I don't know. 

I was never existed anyway.